my name is Larry Landis and I've been
involved in the farmers markets here in
corvallis for over 20 years within a
month or so we were involved in the
establishment of the Corvallis Saturday
farmers market which started in june of
1991 well the Saturday farmers market is
located actually both farmers markets in
corvallis are located on the riverfront
on First Street the market is important
as as a marketing major marketing outlet
for many small farmers came out of me on
the lily-white PD on the baffle great
open the night you a company and I were
me 40 with me so I got into this with
beekeeping originally when I was nine
years old this is this is our blackberry
honey it's actually probably a little
bit of maple in it also which is a very
common local honey we direct market most
of our products to farmers market
restaurants buying clubs up in Portland
the restaurants in corrales Albany in
Portland nobody
nobody nobody nobody knows nobody thing
nobody know what me
our farm is called a mushroom Marie and
we're a organic mushroom farm and we
grow mushrooms year-round and we also
wildcraft mushrooms in Oregon year-round
and today we had truffles and
cauliflower and coral chanterelles
Hedgehog fried chicken winter
chanterelles and so we spent half our
week mushroom hunting and half hour week
working at the farm and it's a
family-run farm
so we have a corn carnival acorn squash
we have about 60 varieties of pumpkin
and squash in the field right now yeah
so we have some Kiwis and wornall
growing down Kiger island drive oh heck
of a lot of pumpkin and squash
well it market is important as as a
marketing major marketing outlet for
many small farmers a lot of the small
farms in this area have multiple
marketing outlets but the the markets
give them contact with with anywhere
from three to six thousand potential
customers each market day so even if
they don't sell to everybody there
certainly the high visibility which can
translate into sales through other
venues